I was feeling really comfortable with
flat and like confident in the champion
I've been practicing a lot and then I go
on stage and then I just panic it's the
first day of na LCS summer split I'm
joined right now by Apollo with coverage
presented by Omni sash to talk to him in
an interview that people will hopefully
watch because our interviews don't they
will they'll watch it this time
really how many are you predicting will
peak out at like three days okay well
I'm gonna give a small shout-out to my
stream the stream yesterday right so I
got a hundred viewers right so if we cut
if you like do some math real quick I'm
guessing around like 500 for this video
which is pretty solid I think more
people watch I get more than 500 people
watching this I mean already we usually
get like 7k or something Soren interview
that's like hundred K really is actually
yeah what do you think we should do to
increase the viewership on this I keep
start winning I mean what do you what
else do you want for me right now is one
the most important match of the split
just the first game yeah true maybe I
don't know if we won our first game lost
ba split I don't think so I think so
well you're off on the right start so
you won that game against cloud nine who
brought in a different lineup what what
was that like first off when did you
learn you were playing like the
different guys I think a week ago I
think we like heard you know word got
round and uh yeah I was we're a little
bit caught off guard but I mean that
they have their reasons for you know
they I guess they were just performing
better yeah
were you able to change your strategy at
all or - did you did you do things
differently because you're facing
different players I don't think so I
think we generally just because
especially with since the meta being so
like volatile and like hectic I think it
was just like we kinda had to figure
that out ourselves you know what I mean
and there was nothing that we can really
change it's just about like hoping that
our strategies were good yeah
and yeah I interviewed Sebastian two
days ago and I asked some alright clutch
is supposed to be like the analytics
team with like all this infrastructure
are they like supplying this is this
should be the moment they shine right
like new meta figuring out what's good
do you get you wake up every day to like
a report like a profile a manila
envelope with like new champions to play
or whatever no no but we do I mean we we
look at the numbers you know we look at
the what's the what's going on with the
other region and stuff and we definitely
do take a look but like I said you know
it's since everything is so different
it's really hard to look at another
region and say that oh these guys know
what they're doing these guys these pics
are the ones that are like carrying
alone you can do that about some
champions but I don't think it's really
fair to say that like it's not really
fair to say that you know the entire
meta like you know from A to B kind of
thing
what are you busting on Heimerdinger
that's an I mean tomorrow okay there we
go there's no more spoiler rule and read
it so I can post this yeah normally I
have to wait 24 hours but well yeah I
mean tomorrow I'm definitely playing
answer people did you know that there's
no spoiler rule and reddit now saw that
and it's it's still there I think it's
still like one of the top yeah I pinned
one yeah is that what do you think about
that people sent me messages saying that
they were unsub for me and they were no
longer going to support me because in
the past I've said that I like the idea
of this and they didn't they didn't like
that I had ever said that I don't have
an opinion on this I think I I just look
at it I don't really care if I get
spoiled so some people feel very
strongly about it you're like oh no I
woke up and I see what clutch one what
the hell I was looking for to find out
about that I mean doesn't mean that
we're gonna get less viewers oh no I
mean this interview I think yes like ten
people have unsubbed and somebody was
like I'm never donating to people wrote
there are a couple of different messages
one of them was like I hope the people
that watches interviews now because of
spoilers will support him because I
certainly won't
yeah very strong I like that well I mean
I hope they keep watching because you
know we're kind of struggling down here
you would be yeah both you and me yeah
what'd you do during the break well the
most notable thing basically
besides you know just like regular
vacation and chillin we went to Houston
the the rocking of the Houston Rockets
they flew us out and it was really cool
is really cool experience we got to see
the the first and second game of the
Golden State vs Houston Rockets they'd
you know they treat us out to dinner
they took us to their aquarium they have
an aquarium and there was a sloth and a
white tiger in there those are not
animals that I would normally associate
with a car were they just in the water
so the sloth was in a in a nice cage
yeah but like you know good panic yeah I
don't know of any other and then the
white tiger was in some like really
cool-looking cage they were just like
sitting squawk welcome to the aquarium
we've got a pool over there with a slot
that a white tiger that really cool
experience you know shout out to Houston
Rockets they yeah they're really cool
and we uh let's see what else they do I
mean I just kind of relaxed I think once
the new Pacha can I just start to start
playing week again cuz I didn't I didn't
know what was going on what happened in
the bot lane that last game well we did
some interesting stuff yeah we're doing
really well we obviously had like a
super strong level one killed both them
but talk to me about champions Oh like
champions oh I mean that's just standard
stuff I think right yeah I mean I just
glides pretty good right now I so I was
actually feeling she I think I was
saying this too awfully but I was
feeling really comfortable with flat and
like confident in the champion I've been
practicing a lot and then I go on stage
and then I just panic just like some of
the situations I just didn't know what
to do so she went knocked on all teed so
I'm still getting used to the champion
but yeah I mean brand bought I've seen
it a few times we've been playing
so the Kiev live is pretty normal I
think Dallas was okay but since he blind
picked it it didn't really do that well
we had a good counter into it
but yeah I mean honestly it's kind of
normal so I wasn't actually too
surprised that they picked brand I mean
you say it's normal right when watching
LCS for a very long time
what just happened does not feel normal
to me yeah it's okay for me it's kind of
cool cuz it's you know this new patch it
and there's like a ton of controversy
behind it I think the just especially
coming from an ad player it was really
difficult for me to swap to these
different champions and it's like a
completely different play style you know
compared to like you know if I'm playing
Caitlyn or something right compared to
Vlad I'm not flashing forward and diving
them as a Caitlyn some players might do
that but I'd usually don't so it just
it's mainly just about comfort and like
trying to like learn and like basically
what I did it was asked you know both my
soul laners and how to play blood and
like the coach is obviously helped me to
you or like I would ask about some of
the champions that are being picked in
the ball lane I would just ask my solo
laners what the counters are to those
champions and I just play them good
strategy yes I mean I'm sure plenty of
other teams are also doing that but yeah
it's it's really fun for me I think it's
difficult but being able to like going
to Sola q and practicing a new champion
every day is actually really cool so
yeah now before we did this interview
normally when we do an interview you get
done with the fan interaction then you
walk straight to me this time you walked
over and you were talking to somebody J
Omega is that like a family member or
friend like who's visiting your house
yesterday are you gonna do this I just I
was just asking I saw you like I've
never seen I've never been any of your
family or whatever I don't know if you
have friends at all to answer your
question
you're not my number one priority okay
after the match I'm not you're not okay
you're like number three I used to be
number one
used to being everyone yeah so who
what's number one and number two not you
I see
ah well lots changed in the summer split
so that I'm realizing it's just me now
that I I mean I didn't know how low our
viewership puts together and I'm
starting to think it's more you than me
when I interview Sauron that interview
just very well so I I'd say I think it's
mainly I think we all know the problem
here we ought to say it out loud though
do you think that the man is gonna stay
like this or it's right gonna get cold
feet and just back to Caitlyn and
whoever I don't know actually I I was
kind of thinking about it because I know
they were talking about like kind of
readjusting ad carry's but as you can
see there are still ad carry's being
played right now
I think double F plays aya van played
Kai's 60 played Ezreal so I mean they're
definitely like good right it's just
maybe some of the other ad carries need
to be buff that aren't actually I don't
know I I still think it's actually an
okay spot right now but it's really hard
to say it because maybe just people are
still figuring it out and I think it's
maybe I think it's okay for them to
stick with it maybe another patch and
see how it goes
some some people might disagree but I
think it's okay anything you want to say
to all the Apollo fans out there thanks
for watching I know all of you out there
watching this just for me and not Travis
and shadows true Corsair or a new
sponsor Congrats yeah thank you and yeah
thanks for watching us thank you so much
for the interview for anyone else you
can check out the rest my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel I have some unfortunate
news for you guys
things are getting much more financially
tough for me omni / of course does
everything they can they support me it's
amazing but I think you guys might have
heard that last split it was about 20
grand for a double lift interview
we're now at 35 I don't know how it
weighed up so much in such a short time
but I'm now spending literally thirty
five thousand dollars every time I
interview Peter and by the way he
charges another
and for every time that he ends up in my
social so if you guys want to help me
out that'd be super cool just subscribe
to the channel like the videos there's
other links in the description you can
check those out
thanks so much to Omni slash for the
support